---
layout: post
title: INSERT POST TITLE
---

<p class="meta">15 Jan 2019 - Chicago</p>

It's Tuesday. My lower back is fatigued enough to make good posture impossible. I'm sitting at my desk in a small office building in Licoln Park, and I'm pulling regular forty hour weeks (yes, I'm writing this at work. I have to wait on something work-related to finish doing its thing before I can start working again). On the fifth of February, twenty-nineteen I will have been pulling these weeks for exactly a year. As this year comes to a close I am finding myself baffled at the idea that most of the people I know of and about work more hours per week than I do. I have no idea how any of them manage to emerge from those hours physically intact; a year of a "healthy" work-life balance has deteriorated the structural integrity of my back to the point of pain only four hours into the work day. It is the year 2019, and I have deleted the news app off my phone. I also had my Twitter account obliterated, and yet I still find it nearly impossible to cope with the world I've grown up into. How the heck does anyone else manage? How are we not all on strike? Why is our response to a system of power that makes fools of us all to just sit down at a desk and let it happen for eight, ten, twelve hours a day? I hate this. I hate America. I'm leaving.

I am leaving because I need to be somewhere right now. I also need to be anywhere but here, in Chicago, in America. I am leaving because I fell in love with a place. I am leaving because I can, and because I have the privilege to be a teacher in any country I choose. I am leaving because I've been told I will probably only work a twenty hour week. That sounds nice. That sounds ridiculous, and nice.

This is a tirade. It is also a complaint, lodged in an invisible ledger. I started writing here only a few days ago, and at this moment I only have one complete essay on it. I haven't told anyone that this website exists yet, because I'm not ready to show it to the people I love and I don't have a Twitter anymore. If I still had a Twitter I would have probably linked my first essay in a tweet. One or two people might have read it. Approximately 190 alleged human beings would have seen the link float by as they conquered their feeds. What would have been the point, really, to show anyone at this stage? I am sitting in my desk right now. My stomach is turning, and I am trying to answer that question to myself. I can't. Therefore, I should assume that there is no point. I am proud of what I have made, but it is a pride I only feel comfortable sharing with myself. It's just a jekyll blog with a neat design and a few rambling posts.

I have to talk about something that just happened. My phone rang. It was a neighborhood friend I once had when I lived in Wisconsin. I was younger then. I haven't remained in contact with anyone from there. I used to, though. There were a couple people I would talk to or play videogames with over the internet from time to time. But we talk no longer, and we play videogames together no longer. Does this mean we are no longer friends? I don't want that to be the answer, but that is the answer I have felt for years and years, having lost dozens of friends to distance and time. My phone rang, and it was a friend I had from before I even entered high school. I let the phone ring out. I figured that, on account of distance and time, that if she really wanted to speak to me, she would leave a voicemail or a text message. She left a voicemail. I instantly regretted letting the call ring out. Her name was Allison. What freaked me out further was that, earlier today, I had been reading a story written by a friend. In it, he talks about his history with someone he went to college with, in Indiana, named Allison. It was written wistfully. My friend wondered in writing how things between him and Allison could have turned out differently. In experiencing this story I was feeling wistful myself. I was thinking about the friends I grew up with, about how, I feel, that we are no longer friends. I missed them. I decided to pull up my Facebook account. It is the only social media account I have now, kept alive at the wishes of my girlfriend and my family, even though I use it maybe four times a year or less. It is now only baggage for me, a reminder of over a thousand friends who have come and are gone. I hate seeing their names, I hate being reminded that I really, actually miss them. I want so badly to be rid of it. But my Facebook is a scab; pulling it off will only reveal the scar underneath. I looked up the friend whose story I was reading. I searched his friends list for an Allison. I found one, and was revealed nothing of relevance.

And then she called.

***

