---
layout: post
title: to
---

<p class="meta">10 Jan 2019 - Chicago</p>

One day, yesterday, I mindlessly--always mindlessly, never mindfully--trotted down the stairs of my office building after working eight hours on an inconsequential profit extractor and thought about Tim. I read his writing throughout my breaks and it got me wanting to write something about myself. Something, anything, for myself to refer to so I could piece together what's become of me in the past year. As I exited the building and scrunched up to defend myself from the first frigid week's wind in Chicago I thought I wanted to write about making eye contact with strangers. I cross-referenced, and thought a bit about how I used to struggle to make eye contact with the closest people to me. Why is it that, when I'm alone, I'm always reaching out, and when I'm with someone, I'm always closing up? Every inhalation in this dull winter made my nose dry up. Funny thing about Jack Frost is that he never just nips. Today he was shooting himself way up in my sinuses, through my brain, and out the exit wound in the back. It was cold, okay? Let's just get that inconsequential factoid out of my system.

I started writing this last night, and now the day has changed and I've tried to update the timing words to reflect that. I don't know if I got all of them, and maybe I should figure out a better form of writing so that I can avoid specificity in writing the when. Aaaaaaanywaaayyyyyyssss.

It's Friday now. Usually we order food from GrubHub in the office every Friday. We don't have to pay for it, and we always get a choice between two different restaurants, selected by whomever has a birthday closest to the current day. Today I got to eat an arepa. It was delicious, but now I feel so bloated. Combined with my nearing-the-end-of-day fatigue, I feel very much that I would like to lie down on a huge, fuzzy couch right now. The office sports no such couch, but it does have a beanbag chair that matches the same criteria. I might flop there for five minutes. God, I've gotta figure out how to take more frequent breaks during work. I'm starting to get the feeling that I am literally killing myself with my habits, here. When I go to work I'm usually in for one big string of constant seatedness at my desk, staring at a screen that's two feet in front of me. The glare used to give me frequent, brain-splitting pressure headaches. Eventually I installed some sort of screen-dimmer software, that keeps my display at a near constant level of not-blue. Apparently it's the blues that get you. Hahahah.

And now, it's Saturday. I'm not sure what I'm really trying to write about here. I'm still kind of new to this thing. I've been writing aimlessly for years, but up until this point any semblance of structure has been purely accidental. I don't want it to be accidental anymore. I want writing to be an exercise, a practice. I want it to be something I get better at. I'm not sure why I want this. Maybe I'll think about it and get back to you. 

Rebecca and I took the Amtrak up to Milwaukee last night, and her dad picked us up from the station. I sat in the back of Dave's pickup. The seat forced me to assume a military posture, but on account of my tallness the headrest jutted into my back, throwing off the benefits of that posture. It pushed me forward, and my thoughts were so consumed by the discomfort that I forgot to fasten my seatbelt. That never happens. Seatbelt-buckling is one of my particulars. After a few minutes, I shrugged off my tuffle and decided to pull out my Nintendo Switch. I've been living with Dragon Quest Builders 2 for a couple days now. I figured out how to buy games off of the Japanese E-Shop and this was the game that got me to learn. I don't speak Japanese, but I've been trying to learn it for a while now, and I'm using the game to practice recognizing the characters. I can read it out loud, but I still can't derive meaning from it, nor can I discern where the breaks between words occur. I am a foreigner to this game, but my desire to appreciate it is intense and I will brute-force-learn Japanese if that's what it takes to love it completely. By the way, I do already like Dragon Quest Builders 2. I love the farming, I love that the monsters are using my ability to build to support themselves, it feels like it's about living under colonialism. By positioning the monsters as a force of power above you, it seems that DQB2 (I love this abbreviation) is trying to subvert the colonialism of its mechanical subject-matter.