---
layout: post
title: crunch wrap supreme
---

<p class="meta">10 Jan 2019 - Valders, Wisconsin</p>

One day, yesterday, I mindlessly--always mindlessly, never mindfully--trotted down the stairs of my office building after working eight hours on an inconsequential profit extractor and thought about tim. I read his writing throughout my breaks and it got me wanting to write something about myself. Something, anything, for myself to refer to so I could piece together what's become of me in the past year. As I exited the building and tensed up to defend myself from the first frigid week's wind in Chicago I thought I wanted to write about making eye contact with strangers. I cross-referenced, and thought a bit about how I sometimes struggle to make eye contact even with the closest people to me. Why is it that, when I'm alone, I'm always looking right at y'all, and when I'm with y'all, I'm always looking away? Why are my eyes suddenly so gosh darn sensitive to light? Have they always been this way, and I'm just realizing that now? Each inhalation in my city's dull winter made my nose dry up, and each exhalation was a microscopic microwave moisturizer. That day, on a day like any other, cold was a bullet in my sinuses, through my brain, and out the exit wound in the back.

Then I went home and I took a bath. I resolved to take baths every day I could. Nothing puts me in a place like a scalding tub of water. Well, not nothing, I guess. Cigarettes do the same thing. I'm glad I've found other things to replace that habit before it had a chance to entrench itself in my routine. Don't smoke, kids. Don't kill yourselves, either. None of that is worth it, trust me.

I started writing this last night, and now the day has changed and I've tried to update the timing words to reflect that. I don't know if I got all of them, and maybe I should figure out a better form of writing so that I can avoid specificity in writing the when. Maybe I'll just give up and write whatever! Aaaaaaanywaaayyyyyyssss.

It's Friday now. On this day we order GrubHub in the office. We don't have to pay for it, and we always get a choice between two different restaurants, selected by whomever has a birthday closest to the current day. Today I got to eat a pulled-pork arepa. It was delicious, but now I am a stuffed pig. Combined with my end-of-day fatigue, I felt very much that I wanted to lie down on a huge, fuzzy couch right there. The office contains no such couch, but it does have a beanbag chair that matches the same criteria. Sometimes I'll flop there for five minutes here and there. Everytime I do, someone always has to ask me if I'm okay. It's the worst, please don't do this. Don't bother someone who is clearly using furniture for its intended purpose if they are okay. Obviously I'm okay! I'm definitely way better than I was before I got there, just let me take a break. Maybe take one with me! Jesus, you all need it. I've still gotta figure out how to take more frequent breaks during work, and I'm worried I might be the only one who takes breaks at all. I'm starting to get the feeling that I am literally killing myself with my habits, here. I can't imagine what's happening to y'all. When I go to work I'm usually in for one big string of constant seatedness at my desk, staring at a screen that's two feet in front of me. That glare used to give me frequent, brain-splitting pressure headaches. Eventually I installed some sort of screen-dimmer software, that keeps my display at a near constant level of not-blue. Apparently it's the blues that get you. Hahahah. Now I only get headaches when I forget to drink water, which lately I don't do.

I must veer off here. What I am about to say has no relevance to this essay at large, just to the most recent point. Look, I've met a number of people in America who tell me that they don't like water. That number is larger than two and less than twelve. That's enough, for me, to think that this might be some cultural norm. Please, dear god, just drink water. Do it every day. Don't substitute it with other things. Don't kid yourself and drink gallons of lemonade from concentrate every day, thinking you're getting what's good for you. Water is not that bad, and it might actually be the only thing you can drink that won't ruin your teeth. Don't hate water because you think it's boring. Drinking water is only really as boring as going to work on a Friday.

And now, it's Saturday. I'm not sure what I'm really trying to write about here. I'm still kind of new to this thing. I've been writing aimlessly for years, but up until this point any semblance of structure and consistency has been purely accidental. I don't want to do anything worthwhile accidentally anymore. I want writing to be an exercise, a practice. I want it to be something I get better at. I'm not sure why I want this. Maybe I'll think about it and get back to you when I pick up this essay again tomorrow or something.

***

Rebecca and I took the Amtrak up to Milwaukee last night, and her dad picked us up from the station. I sat in the back of Dave's old pickup. Rust and time had eaten away at the truck's exterior. The seat forced me into a military posture, yet the headrest jutted into my back, on account of my tallness, which threw anything good for my back off a big rock. It pushed me forward, and my thoughts were so consumed by the discomfort that I forgot to fasten my seatbelt. That never happens. Seatbelt-buckling is one of my particulars. After a few minutes, I shrugged off my tuffle and decided to pull out my Nintendo Switch. I've been living with Dragon Quest Builders 2 for a couple days now. I figured out how to buy games off of the Japanese E-Shop for the sole purpose of playing DQB2. I don't speak Japanese, but I've been trying to learn it for a while now, and I'm hoping to use the game to practice recognizing the characters. I can read it out loud, but I still can't derive meaning from it, nor can I discern where the breaks between words occur. I am a foreigner to this game, but my desire to appreciate it is intense and I will brute-force-learn Japanese if that's what it takes to love it as much as it deserves. By the way, I do already like Dragon Quest Builders 2. I love the farming, I love that the monsters frequently capitalize on my ability to build to stay afloat, it feels like it's about living under colonialism. By positioning the monsters as a force of power above you, it seems that DQB2 (I love this abbreviation with ferocity) is trying to subvert the colonialism inherent in its mechanical subject-matter. It's a game in a world of cubes, where you have the ability to remove and place those cubes at will, about reconfiguring the landscape to support you. I'm talking about Minecraft. I use the word colonialism for this purpose: Minecraft is a game that is premised upon the slow, methodical consumption of the world for the sake of comfort. It is the ludic arc of rags-to-riches. You begin worrying about getting enough food and adequate shelter for the night. A few hours in, you are taking regular trips to hell from the comfort of your library, which is covered wall-to-wall in book-blocks accented by stone. Eventually you've set up machines to grow and harvest all your food for you. Hours of strip-mining the earth beneath you has given you more diamonds than you know what to do with. It is no longer your hands that kill the animals who feed you. It is now the cold, invisible hand of an industry you constructed that has automated that chore away from you. The world is never going to be the same as it was before the first night, when you were small and afraid of the dark; the impression of your conquest is felt on that land forever, or, as long as the game is alive on your screen.

When it's off it goes away, and the scars you left are erased. They are invisible to others. No one will know what you did there. Nowadays we only dream about manifest destiny.

This, to me, is the basis upon which a game like DQ Builders rests. In emulating the structure of Minecraft it has, to a degree, invoked its colonialism. Except in Dragon Quest Builders 2, we are not conquerors. We are serfs, eking out an existence in a world destroyed by monsters. I feel constantly that I am living underneath something. It sounds a bit familiar.

We stopped at a Taco Bell on the way up to Valders. The locale was unknown to me, but I could tell we were in some wealthy suburb since the place was moderately populated with what-looked-to-be-high-schoolers who wore their hair like they do in Southern California. They giggled at everything, and as we walked in I felt their gaze fall upon me with immediacy. I was wearing a thick grey turtleneck, and a black carhartt beanie. I hope I looked ridiculous enough for them. They were probably just high. I wondered if they were curious if we had noticed. If they actually were high, we most certainly did notice.

I ordered a cruch wrap supreme combo, which supplied me with a cup more voluminous than I would ever need for beverages that are not water or coffee. I also received a bonus taco, but there was nothing special about it. Just a complimentary taco. I thought it probably was meant more to flush the surplus ingredients more than for my own benefit. That taco was weird. It was also incomplete. A taco is only really adequate when it's got tomatoes and some kind of sour cream / salsa injection. This one only had beef, lettuce, and cheese. It was okay, and I ate it first, before the crunch wrap supreme. When I eat a meal with more than one dish, like if dinner has sides, I always eat what I'm most excited for last. Like a true capitalist, I prefer an upward trend. Thus, my favorite foods tend to have either one singular body, like ramen, or multiple parts that dispense similar levels of excitement, like a burger and fries. At that Taco Bell I demolished that that "+taco" like it was my job. When I got to my weekend, my crunchy taco pocket of caliber-supreme, I was ready for something pretty good. Though the crunch wrap supreme had a blanket-layer of American cheese. Oh well, I guess. I suppose I enjoyed the sum-total experience, but was it worth the toll it would later take on my internal organs? Eh, I probably deserved it, anyway.

Talking about food is funny. At this point in my life I have the sense that no amount of food-borne knowledge makes one seem any less pretentious than someone talking about food with no knowledge whatsoever. In talking about food critically, I always feel like I'm taking something that is only art by practice and putting it on a pedestal, not a plate. Everybody wants plates, and everyone who talks about food, I imagine, is engaging in a certain degree of mental posturing that renders the conversational circle a ring of posers. I hope you can excuse my indulging in the story of my Friday-night Taco Bell. Take solace in the fact that I suffered, and am still suffering, the bowel fallout of my indulgence.

***

Right now, It's Sunday. Man, I'm really covering the days with this one. I should tell you that I spent the entire weekend in a mind-haze. My arch-nemesis is a mental state of brain fog. I hate it. I hate even more that it's my default state. However, I am working on getting better, so don't worry about me, pal. I might give up on certain things, but I am far beyond the point of giving up on myself. 

I'm sitting on the Amtrak again. How many more times must I ride one until it becomes a silver bullet that pierces the vampiric hearts of the hills. I will now inform you that I will be moving to Japan in about a month and a half. I also have an answer for why I want to be here. I started this website for two reasons: one being that I enjoy the exercise of writing and wanted a space to put my writing that simultaneously doesn't belong entirely to me and doesn't belong to anyone else. This is my writing, on my website, but technically my domain belongs to Google and Microsoft's got the final say on what happens to the archives of my content. So here we are. The second reason is that I wanted to have something I could bring with me to Japan, something that would change with me there, and something I could then bring back and continue when I return. A personal blog is perfectly suited to this, I feel. The best thing, I think, about having a blog is that it offers a muddy window throught which one can consider the trajectory of a person's life. I want this website to reflect the development of my writing style and the story of the next year of my life. This is public because I think it might be nice for someone else to come and reference themselves against. It serves the same function for me.

By the way, I need to tell you about my memory. I don't feel very confident about it. I'm down for living mostly in the present, but I think the urgency in my life to do so has always stemmed from the terror of forgetfulness. My memory works like this: I'll remember thousands of really insignificant details about the twenty-or-so years I've been conscious, but I'll have moments where I realize, with extreme pain, that I remember almost nothing about the most recent year of my life. I've needed, for a long time, a way to catalogue my history as it happens. I needed some sort of exercise that lets me start catalouging my present history alongside relevant occurances of my past. My hypothesis, then, is that writing reams and reams of semi-related-head-garbage on internet paper will help me reconstruct my memory. I think it might help me chill out a bit, and good god do I need to chill the heck out.

So here I am, on a silver train traveling lazily toward Chicago, thinking about a few things. I'm thinking about space-traversal, I'm thinking about what it would have been like to have walked and ridden aback a horse to another state in America, before cars. By proxy I am thinking about Red Dead Redemption 2. I am also thinking about Dragon Quest Builders 2. I'm thinking about farms, about the contrast between the romance of a life pastoral and the greyish, brownish, corn-infested, pesticidal reality of it now. That, and I'm thinking about a crunch wrap supreme.

They would be so much better if they used any other type of cheese.